docs: document how to implement a propagator (#3351)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-js: doc/propagation.md

# Propagation

Span context fields like trace id, span id, trace flags, and baggages need to be send to the downstream services
in order to properly associate downstream created spans with the current span.

This is commonly achieved with HTTP headers, RPC metadata, with well-known formats like:

- [W3C Trace Context][]: Supported with [W3CTraceContextPropagator][].
- [B3][]: Supported with [B3Propagator][].
- Jaeger: Supported with [JaegerPropagator][].

> If none of above format meet your needs, you can implement your own propagator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If none of the above formats meet your needs, you can implement your own propagator.
```
